I prepared a little project with you as always can find attached to this lecture here.
And it's a super simple project.
We get a button where we can talk.
You only see odd numbers but right now we don't see any numbers because of us.
Do have an array of numbers here in my app component typescript file.
I'm not outputting it here.
However I did set up a list.
So with this.
Why don't we go ahead and simply add Engy forward with a Stars.
And so is a structural directive tulis list item and then we could simply say let a number of numbers.
We already learned this syntax and you could also extract the index if we wanted but we don't need that
here.
So that is our single number and that of course allows it to now output and here we can output it anywhere
inside is element we placed Engy four on.
So on any nested elements too with that were outputting the number and now we see one two three four
five the button still doesn't do anything though so the reason for this is that well right now we do
something up on clicking.
We said only OT which is this property to what it currently is not.
So if it was faulty set it to True and the other way around.
But we're not using this information.
Let's use it.
Now we could try placing NGF on the same element.
We already have Engy for on and check if number modals.
So the presenter assigned to if that is equal to zero which would mean now we only display even elements
right.
If we do this we get an error because we can't have more than one structural directive on the same element
that just doesn't work.
But we don't need that we can change it differently.
We can simply make a tiny change to our main app here and implement odd numbers.
Which is 1 3 and 5.
And then of course even numbers.
And that is just a demo app for directives.
Right.
So that might not be the best solution for your app where you really need this behavior later in the
pipe section you will learn how to dynamically folder an array for example.
So here even would be you and for that I'm going to comment out the first numbers are great.
And instead you're all loob for all my odd numbers and output all year.
And of course we can do the same for d even numbers now.
So even of even numbers.
And now to display only one of 2.
We can simply wrap them in let's say a div.
So let's put the list item inside of the div.
And on that day if we could place NGF and now the first one should only be displayed if only all is
true.
Now let's do the same for the second one here.
Let's place them in here and we place Engy of on there to where we check if not only odd and maybe also
replace even here we now see we can't toggle between the two lists so this is now working with Engy
for an NGF.
Nothing new something we already learned.
So these are the two structural directives you learn about and how we may use them and that you can
combine them on the same element.
Before we dive deeper into this well let's also have a look at the two attribute directives you learn
as far two of the most prominent ones.